okay Jack waters waters vatta's I'm not
quite sure but I shall wait from Jack
anyways asked me to draw a house and I
said what kind of a house needs a kind
of an English cottage can a house and
say this is what I'm doing so I'm going
to draw a box to start off with and and
then we put a prism on the top so that
will be down the middle there and if you
find this kind of a bit tricky and in up
quite Herschel had to go here and go to
my website and download my everyone can
draw a book or you can get a real copy
of it and I'll sign it and send it to
you and it teaches you how to do all
this kind of stuff real easy and it says
a box with a pyramid on the top and this
is going to be a thatched cottage so we
wanted chimney coming out of the top of
it like that that's going to be coming
here that'll be coming them or that
angle with them of a chimney pots on the
top and we're going to make this come
down a bit more like that and that needs
to have a so that is then coming similar
angle that should be coming down there
this has got a thickness to it because
the fetch is a kind of straw roof kind
of thing that's going to come around the
top like that and that's going to be
rounded on the top there so we kind of
rounded on the edges and then we're
going to have a little door just going
to get really really simple have a
little door there and two little windows
right I'm sort of cement top and then
I'm gonna make it slightly crinkly old
lines like that and then this will come
around there over the top there like
that and will come around and then
you're gonna have a kind of a scalloped
pattern around there of the thatch and
that will then also I read something
like that and I'm going to put these
little X's in here which is something
they're kind of things that hold it all
down and then we want to bring that kind
of down here and it's going to be kind
of patchy along the bottom
that will be rounded off as well a
little bit there roundish that's kind of
the thickness of that action that will
come up inside there so that will be
then the wall coming down here and also
that would be kind of the thickness of
the house with a few plants growing up a
sign hmm I'm looking to have the little
door like that this is the kind of
cottage that Snow White will have gum
around the Seven Dwarfs in or Goldilocks
will have found the three bears in that
kind of a thing and what I'm going to do
he is drew a little bit of thickness of
the wall and then the door and then the
door window a little kind of a bull's
eye thing in there and then here we will
have thickness of the wall and then
we're going to want the windows which
will be just big dark little panes
door will have little handle on it and
we can put the kind of planks of wood
making that you can have a little
windowsill as well like that underneath
it and a lintel over the top maybe get a
bit of shadow coming in there maybe a
bit of shadow in there like that and
coming down there we'll put some and a
brick pattern in there and you're sure
it is dry erase those pencil marks I'm
afraid you may not have got the chimney
in there just realized on the camera
work I hope they hope it all made sense
like this also has a thickness to it
there like that I have a bit of shadow
down there maybe put a shadow on that
side I'm putting the shadow on a
different side than I normally do so
that would be slightly shaded there you
will see that the thatch on this side
the thickness of the kind of straw straw
effect
we'll probably be there but that would
be much target going up in there and
also this whole site might be quite
shaded and then also you're going to
want some shade underneath the eaves of
the thatch as well let's put in the back
garden that might be a little wall or a
little fence and you may say yard we
call it a garden and some trees in the
background you want a little path
leading up to the front of the house and
and there may be some little cottage
garden we'll have lots of flowers and
things in it growing away there you go
how to draw a little country cottage
well I hope you enjoyed that and if you
did why not go and learn how to draw an
igloo
just have a go to mr. e draw in a way
make sure you're subscribed just click
the pencil for more real easy drawing
videos and go and get my ebook like I
said everyone can draw or anyone really
can draw a be done drawing draw enjoy
practice practice practice I'll see you
next time you take care now bye bye